How did you know he was impersonating the emperor?
Of course I have seen the real emperor
Humph it down
Just because you have seen the real emperor
I just hate you the most
Ignorant and arrogant
Then tell me what time you are there.
Where did you see the real emperor?
I'm afraid I'll say it and scare you to death.
Don't treat me like I'm a three-year-old girl here
Protect you
I'll tell you what.
Anyway, people like you
No matter what means, I can't fall in love with you
You really think too much
There are so many people better than you
The girl who looks better than you
I will not marry
I didn't even like it, how could I like you?
Pull down a security guard so able to pretend
You won't feel that way in another 15 seconds
What do you mean?
Do you ever feel like your heart is beating faster?
It's like there's a heat surge inside
Like what's going on
because
Your fake yellow clothes put medicine in your tea.
Ah, is that true?
Really really really really
Bastard I will kill you
Don't get in the way, then you just want money.
What should I do? I feel so hot.
how
Trash is not fast, it's rolling around
Why don't you marry me?